README.md, before:

> Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away
-Antoine de Saint-Exupéry

#### Please, make your code fit in an 80x24 character screen, I beg you

#### If you use any C version above 11, you're a maniac

### The idea for `foo8664` as my username came when:
* I discovered that `foo`, `bar`, and names like these are called [metasyntatical](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metasyntactic_variable), isn't that a cool name?
* I started learning x86-64, intel's ISA (actually AMD's, Itanium failed, AMD64 didn't)
But the more I learn about RISC-V and the reasoning behind it's design choices,
the more I want to replace this for something like `foo-V`, the fact that I don't
even remember some of the x86 specifics anymore also speaks a lot

## Currently using/Have learned (still am, always will):

[![Gentoo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gentoo-54487A?style=for-the-badge&logo=gentoo&logoColor=white)](https://www.gentoo.org)
[![git](https://img.shields.io/badge/GIT-E44C30?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)](https://git-scm.com/)
[![Vim](https://img.shields.io/badge/VIM-%2311AB00.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=vim&logoColor=white)](https://www.vim;org)
[![tmux](https://img.shields.io/badge/tmux-1BB91F?style=for-the-badge&logo=tmux&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/tmux/tmux)
[![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash%20script-0101?style=flat&logo=gnubash&logoColor=%23FFFFFF&labelColor=%23000000)](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)
[![C-Lang](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_lang)
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://www.python.org)
[![x86-asm](https://img.shields.io/badge/x86-sucks)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X86)

## Haved used/Still learning (Haven't stoped learning, never will):

[![Neovim](https://img.shields.io/badge/NeoVim-%2357A143.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=neovim&logoColor=white)](https://neovim.io)
[![RISC-V](https://img.shields.io/badge/riscv-%23283272.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=riscv&logoColor=white)](https://riscv.org)
[![Arch-Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arch_Linux-1793D1?style=for-the-badge&logo=arch-linux&logoColor=white)](https://archlinux.org)

I'm exploring kernel development right now, studying up on xv6, both the book
and the [6.1810](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.1810/2024) class at MIT, I'll probably read _Modern Operating Systems_ later too

Commit message:

Some stuff went wrong, again. It looks like I'm just farming comits at this point

README.md, after:

> Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away

-Antoine de Saint-Exupéry

#### Please, make your code fit in an 80x24 character screen, I beg you

#### If you use any C version above 11, you're a maniac

### The idea for `foo8664` as my username came when:
* I discovered that `foo`, `bar`, and names like these are called [meta-syntactical](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metasyntactic_variable), isn't that a cool name?
* I started learning x86-64, intel's ISA (actually AMD's, Itanium failed, AMD64 didn't)
But the more I learn about RISC-V and the reasoning behind it's design choices,
the more I want to replace this for something like `foo-V`, the fact that I don't
even remember some of the x86 specifics anymore also speaks a lot

## Currently using/Have learned (still am learning, always will):

[![Gentoo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gentoo-54487A?style=for-the-badge&logo=gentoo&logoColor=white)](https://www.gentoo.org)
[![git](https://img.shields.io/badge/GIT-E44C30?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)](https://git-scm.com/)
[![Vim](https://img.shields.io/badge/VIM-%2311AB00.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=vim&logoColor=white)](https://www.vim;org)
[![tmux](https://img.shields.io/badge/tmux-1BB91F?style=for-the-badge&logo=tmux&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/tmux/tmux)
[![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash%20script-0101?style=flat&logo=gnubash&logoColor=%23FFFFFF&labelColor=%23000000)](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)
[![x86-asm](https://img.shields.io/badge/x86-sucks)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X86)
[![C-Lang](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_lang)
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://www.python.org)

## Haved used/Still learning (Haven't stoped learning, never will):

[![Neovim](https://img.shields.io/badge/NeoVim-%2357A143.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=neovim&logoColor=white)](https://neovim.io)
[![RISC-V](https://img.shields.io/badge/riscv-%23283272.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=riscv&logoColor=white)](https://riscv.org)
[![Arch-Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arch_Linux-1793D1?style=for-the-badge&logo=arch-linux&logoColor=white)](https://archlinux.org)

I'm exploring kernel development right now, studying up on xv6, both the book
and the [6.1810](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.1810/2024) class at MIT, I'll probably read _Modern Operating Systems_ later too



In the end, I'm just a curious teenager learning stuff he finds cool
